we caught up with the couples to ask
them about their pre-show nerves
sizzling salsa time Anita's gonna shake
her booty like she's never done before
feeling very positive about tomorrow
night
are we going to be the best dancers
probably not am I happy with Alex's
improvement yes I am so very excited
she's got better this week we're doing a
ballroom dance
it's gonna be good fun bring it on I'm
feeling very very excited about tomorrow
it's a new dance for us because we're
doing Latin this week and not ballroom
and Rory's gonna get those hips going
and I'm just exciting about getting out
on the floor and actually getting it
done Edwin and I we've got the foxtrots
and it's very complicated dance and
she's planning very difficult but
hopefully my charm and my lead
you know once she's gonna be my arms
she'll be saying I am feeling absolutely
great for tomorrow those things are
ready to wear the dance floor I am
absolute
just can't wait to get out there we've
got salsa the most amazing song
all these loving his routine I'm so on
it and we just can't wait to see that
they're in performance Sunday Friday we
just want to get out there and do it now
so we hope you like what you see